Now we come to the snow removal from jail threads, now, not removal is pretty much simple and straightforward.
You'll simply have to write an epidural, try to remove and this EPA accepts an argument, the point
to the G.A., which needs to be removed from the GM thread.
So you can see that the following diagram shows a link list.
In fact, it's a traditional, doubly linked list.
And suppose if I give you a pointer which points to the middle load of this linked list, then simply
you can delete the middle node by simply adjusting the pointers of the left and right node of this linked
list.
Right.
Exact similar approach you have to do in case of removing a G.A. from G.L. thread, and of course,
we know that the time complexity for not removal from the list of jail threads is order of one.
So not removal from jail threads or traditional link list is exactly similar.
There is no reference.